so of the Kenny racing trials
competition one of the pre events
leading up to the Wildwood drop extreme
in Jiro
in the first part of the trials
competition the writers faced one of
Wildwood Rock's gnarliest longest hills
and now the riders hit themselves
against the obstacle course in
incredibly windy conditions
let's follow Scott Stevens on his lap of
a Kenny racing trial competition
this course is actually part of the
Prolog track used for the Wildwood rock
extreme enduro and consists of logs
tractor tires a bus another man-made
obstacles to test the skills of the
trials riders regardless of whether you
are on a trials bike or an enduro bike
these tractor tires are bigger than they
look and nowhere near as easy as you
might think
trials junior David MacDonald had
impressed the crowd with some great
riding in the hill fire and he turned it
on again for this obstacle course God
knows how good this guy is going to be
one who fixes teams
normally drop lighting has very little
to do with speed for time but the riders
were hunting their bikes around this
track at a good pace given they had far
less suspension and power compared to
their enduro cousins
as trials Reuters I want to do the end
of the competition was time to mess
around on these ultra lightweight bikes
and of course the opportunity to see if
the course can be written in Reverse
maybe not quite so easy
here are the overall results for the
Kenny racing trials competition